All right.
So in the last video I showed you how to create new sections and settings in the Customize are now going
to show you how to actually implement the values that were entered.
All right so I'm in the front page of the file right now.
And if we go to the front end you can see that nothing's changed OK because we haven't implemented these
changes are these values.
So let's go into our Jumbotron markup here and this is where we're going to add some code.
So the H-1 which is just Jumbotron heading and you can see it here.
All right there's no background image yet so that's why we can't see the white text on white.
But let's go ahead and add ph P and then we're going to say Echo
echo to get the theme mod K that's the function that we need to use and then we're going to pass and
here they enter underscore heading.
All right.
So if we save that and we go in there you load you'll see that it's totally it's gone there's nothing
there.
This value isn't showing up.
Now the reason for that is even though we put a default.
Let's take a look at cost of Mizer and we did put a default value of banner heading all this.
This default is for is for the backend.
So this here that's where this text is coming from it doesn't provide a default for the front end to
the to provide a default for the front end.
We just have to add a second parameter so we could just go in here and say banner heading save it and
reload.
And now we get in or heading.
OK.
Now even though we have a default here if we change it in the customize or that's what's going to show
up.
So if I change this now to let's say showcase heading and we go ahead and.
And you can see that it actually updated here as well.
If I save it and we go and reload now we get showcase heading.
OK.
So that's how that works.
Now we're going to want to do the same thing for these other values so it's copied that and we'll put
this right in here we'll paste that.
And this is going to be banner text.
All right.
And then it's going to take the default from here.
So what we can do is copy what we put as the fall here which is this sentence or a couple of sentences
and we'll paste that right in here.
OK so now it's coming from here because it's the default.
Now even though we saved this before this didn't take effect because it wasn't changed.
All right so if we want to just make sure this is changes let's just say test save.
Go back and you see we get test ok we'll just change that back.
So the heading and the text are all set.
Now for the button let's copy that.
And then for the button text we're just going to piece that right in here and we'll change this to Banner
DTN text and then right here will change this to sign up today
.
So now we get the button text.
Now for the link.
Change this to the button you are l and we'll make that HTP test dot com.
OK.
So that's all set.
Now what we need to do is the background.
OK.
So right now the value is coming from our CSSA Let's go to style CSSA go to a jumbotron and this is
where it's coming from.
So we're going to do is just cut that how completely and then we're going to go back into the front
page.
Actually no we don't want to go in front page we want to go in the header because we need to add a CSSA
style.
So let's go right under the W.P. head say style and let's do Daut Jumbotron
background
and then we're going to pace that we're going to paste
not want to pace that write like that and then we're going to just get rid of this because this is now
going to come from them or from the theme maade.
So let's copy one of these and then we're going to just paste that in there.
Change is to be in our image.
And then the default.
OK.
So for the default we'll say Get blog info
template underscore you are l and then we want to go to splash image slash then banner dog J peg.
All right so save it.
Go back and reload and there we go.
Now just to test test out the customize our.
Let's change this.
You want to see change image and I have a test image on my desktop.
We're going to choose that an update here let's save it go to the front end reload and there it is.
All right.
Now if we want to go back to the original we can say remove and then just click default save and then
it comes back.
All right so you can see this customizes is really helpful in customizing your themes.
Now we could have done just a widget here like we have in the past but I think that this is kind of
a better option.
All right so let's move on to the boxes.
OK we're going to go back to front page and this is all set.
Now the Jumbotron.
And what I want to do is just copy one of these.
OK now this one here is going to the box one heading
.
Think that's it.
And so we called it
yeah box 1 heading.
Change that to box one thing.
OK.
And this one here will be box one text
.
Can can copy this text here.
OK.
Now for the icon.
See where we have bar chart.
We're going to keep this F.A. dash and we're just going to replace this UPS.
Kerry just going to replace that and this will be box one underscore icon and then the default for that
will be bar chart.
OK.
So now I'm going to do is just copy this block div and then we'll replace these two
and then we'll just change a couple things so this one is box too.
So we'll change that.
Yes.
And let's see for the default for the icon is going to change it to code.
Ok this one down here.
This is Box 3
and we're going to change the default icon to desktop.
So it's go ahead and reload.
And now these values are coming from the Customize.
So take a look at this last icon the desktop.
We're going to go in here boxes say Box 3 icon and when to change it to laptop and you can see here
it's changed to a laptop.
If I save it go back reload turns into a laptop.
OK so really simple.
So that's going to be it.
That's how we can implement our our customize our values in the next video.
We're going to take care of these widgets OK.
These two widgets as well as the three in the folder.
So I'll see you in the next